>> Richard Feldman: So for this exercise,
we're going to see that there's something
slightly wrong with our feed once again.
This poor feed really can't catch a break.
So on the left we see what we're
going to see when we start out,
which is to say that instead of
actually showing the article names.
Because these are coming back
as JSON from the server.
It's just going to say
needs decoding everywhere,
because that's what
we've hard-coded it to.
And what we're going to do is we're going
to actually implement the decoders that
will translate that from the server.
So that we can actually get our
nice article titles back here,
so I'll jump into part7 for that.
>> Richard Feldman: And-
>> Richard Feldman: If we open up
the README, once again, we've got
the same build command as before,
articles don't quite look right.
And the way we're going to fix
this is by adding article.elm and
resolving the TODO that's in there.
So, this right here is a metadata decoder,
it's decoding some metadata
about the articles.
Which is to say things like the title and
the description and all that.
And we've got, as you can see,
[LAUGH], required for createdAt,
that's the only one that we
actually have implemented.
And all of the others are hardcoded, so
hardcoded is something that happens in
these pipeline decoders,
if you say, you know what?
I don't even want to look at the JSON,
just hardcode it to always be this value,
and just stick that right
there in the record.
So what we're going to do is we're
going to replace all of these calls to
hardcoded.
With calls to required in order
to decode these things properly.
Okay, so that's the only to-do
that we have to resolve.
But of course it has multiple sub to-dos,
because there are several
instances of hardcoded here.
But when they're all done,
everything should compile, and
the articles should be
appearing in the feed again.